- [Instructor] Now let's wire up
our angular reservation service to make a call
to create a reservation in our backend API.
Let's create a class called ReservationRequest.
This class will represent the JSON request body
of a post request to create a reservation.
Let's type in export class ReservationRequest.
Let's add in four variables, roomNumber of the type number,
checkIn of the type string, checkOut of the type string,
and price of the type number.
Now let's create a constructor to set all four values.
Then in the body of the constructor,
let's set all the local values.
And we have a little typo, so let's fix checkIn to checkOut.
Now let's create a reservation interface.
This interface will represent
the JSON response from a REST API.
Let's create five fields, id, which is a string,
roomNumber, which is a number,
checkIn, which is a date,
and checkOut, which is a date.
Then finally price, which is a number.
Now let's create a createReservation method.
Let's pass in a ReservationRequest body,
and let's return a Observable that emits a Reservation.
Now let's create a httpOptions body,
and let's set the Content-Type header to application/json.
Now let's call the http client
and let's call the post method
expecting back a Reservation type.
Let's pass in the reservationUrl,
the ReservationRequest body, and the httpOptions.
Now let's return that value.
Let's navigate to the reservation-app directory
and run ng serve.
Okay, looks like we have an error,
and we have a extraneous semicolon
at the end of the header's declaration.
Let's go ahead and remove that.
Let's import the HttpHeaders from angular/common/http
and let's import Observable from rxjs.
Now let's try running ng serve again.
Let's open up localhost at 4200,
and it looks like our app started up successfully.